Basis of comparison	
Python 3	Python 2

Release Date
2008	---- 2000

Function print
print ("hello") ----	print "hello"

Division of Integers	Whenever two integers are divided, you get a float value ----	When two integers are divided, you always provide integer value.
Unicode

In Python 3, default storing of strings is Unicode.	---- To store Unicode string value, you require to define them with "u".
Syntax

The syntax is simpler and easily understandable.  ---- 	The syntax of Python 2 was comparatively difficult to understand.

Rules of ordering Comparisons:
In this version, Rules of ordering comparisons have been simplified.  ----	Rules of ordering comparison are very complex.
Iteration

The new Range() function introduced to perform iterations. ----	In Python 2, the xrange() is used for iterations.

Exceptions:
It should be enclosed in parenthesis.  ----	It should be enclosed in notations.


Leak of variables:
The value of variables never changes.	----  The value of the global variable will change while using it inside for-loop.

Backward compatibility:
Not difficult to port python 2 to python 3 but it is never reliable.	----   Python version 3 is not backwardly compatible with Python 2.
Library

Many recent developers are creating libraries which you can only use with Python 3.  ---- Many older libraries created for Python 2 is not forward-compatible.

Which Python Version to Use?
When it comes to Python version 2 vs. 3 today, Python 3 is the outright winner. That's because Python 2 won't be available after 2020. Mass Python 3 adoption is the clear direction of the future.


KEY DIFFERENCE
Python 3 syntax is simpler and easily understandable whereas Python 2 syntax is comparatively difficult to understand.
Python 3 default storing of strings is Unicode whereas Python 2 stores need to define Unicode string value with "u."
Python 3 value of variables never changes whereas in Python 2 value of the global variable will be changed while using it inside for-loop.
Python 3 exceptions should be enclosed in parenthesis while Python 2 exceptions should be enclosed in notations.
Python 3 rules of ordering comparisons are simplified whereas Python 2 rules of ordering comparison are complex.
Python 3 offers Range() function to perform iterations whereas, In Python 2, the xrange() is used for iterations.
